add notice to 5.6.0 RN (#5575)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/product-stack/tyk-gateway/release-notes/version-5.6.md

### Release Date 10 October 2024

{{< note success >}}
**Important Update**<br>
<br>

> <b>Date</b>: 12 Oct 2024<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<b>Date</b>: 12 October 2024<br>
```

<b>Topic</b>: Gateway panic when reconnecting to MDCB control plane or Tyk Cloud<br>
<b>Workaround</b>: Restart Gateway<br>
<b>Affected Product</b>: Tyk Gateway as an Edge Gateway<br>
<b>Affected versions</b>: v5.6.0, v5.3.6, and v5.0.14<br>
<b>Issue Description:</b><br>
<p>We have identified an issue affecting Tyk Gateway deployed as a data plane connecting to the Multi-Data Center Bridge (MDCB) control plane or Tyk Cloud. In the above mentioned Gateway versions a panic may occur when gateway reconnect to the control plane after the control plane is restarted.
<p>Our engineering team is actively working on a fix, and a patch (versions 5.6.1, 5.3.7, and 5.0.15) will be released soon.<br>
<b>Recommendations:</b><br>
<ul>
<li><b>For users on versions 5.5.0, 5.3.5, and 5.0.13</b><br>
We advise you to delay upgrading to the affected versions (5.6.0, 5.3.6, or 5.0.14) until the patch is available.

<li><b>For users who have already upgraded to 5.6.0, 5.3.6, or 5.0.14 and are experiencing a panic in the gateway:</b><br>

> Restarting the gateway process will restore it to a healthy state. If you are operating in a Kubernetes environment, the gateway instance will automatically restart, resolving the issue.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restarting the gateway process will restore it to a healthy state. If you are operating in a *Kubernetes* environment, Tyk Gateway instance should automatically restart, which ultimately resolves the issue.<br>
```
